So what I want to do here is that I want to take this word,
this and this, and I want to put them together actually.
So I'm going to explode the pos part here.
This is the pos part,
so I will get it underneath each other.
So if I'm going to get it like this,
so I'm going to get the pos,
and the noun, and the words.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to filter this on the pos.
and you can see actually that this is pos.result.
So the pos.result has this.
So I want to keep this list,
but only if the post.result,
which is 1, 2, 3,
4, like you have here the NNP here is equal to Microsoft,
is equal to a proper noun.
So I do such that pos result is equal to NNP or pos.result is equal to NNPS.
I do that here and I get this list.
Then now I get things which are interesting like Microsoft,
and Corp, and Europe,
and Deutsche Bank, and Bank,
and Trump Organization, Tehran, and so on.
Some of them might be,
organization might be less interesting than Corp,
but definitely Trump, and Tehran,
and Microsoft, and Europe are actually things
that happened in the news that are more telling than in there and so forth.
The last thing that we do is actually we go and extract only the word and the results.
So we get the dataframe like this.
Finally, we go and group by which words appeared a lot in the news,
and we find that US,
Trump, Saudi, Putin, Russia.
So we get a little bit of an idea here about this bunch of news that we got,
actually what are the popular items or the popular keywords in the news,
something that would have not have been easy to do with normal SQL.
But thanks to the fact that we have NLP already within our datalake,
we can do something like that with Spark.